    It's time to test your skills in creating databases and tables as you create a database called top_songsDB which will eventually house all of the music data contained within TopSongs.csv

        Within your database create a table called Top5000 and create columns capable of holding all of the data contained within TopSongs.csv properly.

        All of your code should be written and saved within a filed called schema.sql so that you can use this same code later should the need ever arise

        HINT: Try to have your table's columns match those within the CSV file as closely as possible or else you may find the next step in this assignment more difficult than it would otherwise be

        BONUS: Create a seeds.sql file that contains the data for the first three songs found within TopSongs.csv

        BONUS: Look into how MySQL Workbench can import and export data files. What file types does it accept? How does it convert the data?

        Now that we have learned how to import big collections of data into a server, it is time to put this new knowledge to the test by importing all of the data contained within TopSongs.csv into our database.
                HINT: Remember, bigger datasets require more time to import properly, so be patient
                HINT: If you feel that the import process is taking far too long, feel free to use Top1000Songs.csv instead. We would highly recommend working with the bigger dataset if you can, however.
                HINT: Take the downtime you have been given to start on the next part of the activity
            With all of your data successfully imported into the database, begin working on a Node console application which will allow you to collect more specialized pieces of data. For example...
                A query which returns all data for songs sung by a specific artist
                A query which returns all artists who appear within the top 5000 more than once
                A query which returns all data contained within a specific range
                A query which searches for a specific song in the top 5000 and returns the data for it
            HINT: There are some MySQL queries which could make some of these tasks even easier to accomplish. Feel free to look at MySQL's documentation to find some of them.
